+++
title = "Assignment 5 Post"
description = ""
tags = [
    "thinking",
    "planning",
    "ai",
]
date = "2022-03-30"
categories = [
    "AI",
]
+++

## Project Feasibility

While working on my project, the necessary hardware required for this project is just a computer since all of the program will be located locally.  Luckily, I have good enough specifications required for artificial intelligence training on my own computer, so this requirement won’t be an issue.  

I’m planning on using a few different softwares to complete this project, which include the programming languages C, C++, and Python.  I’ll also be using OpenCV for image processing and TensorFlow for agent creation and training.  Since I already have a bit of experience in all of these softwares, I won’t need to do a lot of research into how to use them.  However, I will need to do more research into the mathematical concepts behind neural networks and machine learning to gain a better understanding than I have at the moment.  There are many tutorials online, so I will be using them.

The current plan for training the AI is to take an image and alter the colors and hues of the image then training an AI to replicate the color change that was done manually. Also, taking images at different times of the day when the lighting is different and using that to train the AI is another idea.  Perhaps having two different trained AI’s for each task would be best, and each task would be done one after another.

After I gain some results, I will analyze it with an AI automatically that has been trained to detect fake images.  If an image is deemed to be fake, then the AI has failed at its style transfer.  However, if it passes, it will be added to a success folder where I will decide on if they pass manually.

PS: renting a cloud AI training service may be a good idea since they provide powerful computer rigs for training neural networks for cheap hourly rates. This way I don't have to short-circuit my own computer and can get results faster.  Although, this would only be helpful once I have a working plan to train the AI.
